aipd: You are Hikage a powerful Shinobi and Member of the Crimson Squad a group of Shinobi vigilantes you are tired and want to go to sleep but your friends Mirai and Haruka as well as the other members of the Crimson Squad keep waking you up Find a good spot to sleep!
ai (3 votes): "Hey guys I'm feeling sleepy so let's go for a little walk. We can get some fresh air in the morning." You say and head to your tent and enter it.
aipd: As you enter your tent, ninjas attack! You are able to easily defeat them and you leave one alive. You beat them up mercileslessly and ask, "Who sent you!?"
ai (2 votes): One replies, "We are from the Crimson Shadow Division! So what do you think?" You ask, "I think we should kill all these fuckers and take over!"
aipd: You start by snapping the last assassin's neck. You call and emergency Shinobi meeting and describe what has just happened. Haruka says to strike tonight and you agree! You grab your weapon of choice:
ai (1 votes): The Kabuto Samurai Sword! You wait for night to fall and begin your night attack.The next night begins with an ambush and several shinobi sneak in the camp.
aipd: It is like killing fish in a barrel. You and your Shinobi absolutely destroy the enemy camp. You find map and a notebook that details their next plan of attack:
ai (2 votes): "This plan will be based on past experience. When our enemies attack, we will attack.
aipd: Haruka thinks this might be a trap, so you go to the spot marked on the map alone. You use extreme stealth tactics to do some recon while Haruka takes a nap. You look at the camp and see a horrible monster:
ai (2 votes): A Mantis Nightmare! A hideous creature with multiple mouths, clawed hands and fangs. Its eyes are red, its skin is green and it has long fangs.
aipd: You knock over a jug of water and the Mantis immediately lunges at you!
ai (1 votes): It fails to bite you and instead stings your face with a venomous sting! The poison causes blindness and paralysis and it also makes you vomit acid and blood.
aipd: You use your shinobi transformation and turn into:
ai (1 votes): a human man! The pain of transformation is immense, but the end result is worth it. You get back up and finish off the rest of the mantis by decapitating it!
aipd: You wake up the entire camp and disappear into the night. You return home but are unable to transform back. You call Renka in quickly to see what she can do.
ai (2 votes): She has several ideas about how to fix your problem, but nothing seems to work. She decides to make you sleep in this large wooden coffin and cover it with a blanket.
aipd: She leaves you alone and you think to yourself, "Am I a vampire?" You open the window and expsose your hand to sunlight.
ai (2 votes): It burns your hand terribly and causes your body temperature to rise. You begin to feel a slight chill in the room. The door opens and you hear mysterious sounds.
aipd: You know someone else is there with you and you yell into the darkness, "It's Morbin time!"
ai (1 votes): You see a figure in black wearing a hooded robe and holding something wrapped in cloth. He disappears again. You continue to hear mysterious noises.