aipd: Major Kernel has called everyone to the briefing room. "All right ladies, I want everyone on this case. " He drops a folder on the desk and a few photographs slide out. "This bastard has been slipping us like crazy. " He opens the folder. He points to the photograph of a bald guy with face tattoos. "Lester Hektor, this fucker. " He explains his strategy to nip the criminal.
ai (2 votes): The man's name is not listed. Another photo shows a girl with long hair. Hektor's first victim was an older woman, but he also had a younger woman.
aipd: Team A, you'll be down the road, ready to move in on him. " He points to the city map. "Team B, you'll be in civilian mixing among the crowd. " He points to the Midnight Mildew bar on the map. "When you get my signal, everyone springs to action, capiche?" The whole police department nods and prepares for action. You are part of team B, you will be entering the bar. Your task is to find Lester Hektor.
ai (3 votes): You walk into the club. It is a crowded place with everyone dressed in their finest clothing. A couple guys look over at you and one of them nods.
aipd: You see Lestor Hektor fighting someone in the VIP area. As your approach that Lestor uppercuts the guy and makes out with the waitress.
ai (1 votes): You remember how much you liked her back at school and you smile. You approach Lestor and the other man and you begin to fight.
aipd: You take out the other man with ease, but Lestor is too strong for you. Backup arrives and Lestor makes his way out back. You give chase into the alley and see Lestor climbing up a fire escape.
ai (1 votes): You follow him up and see him jump off the building. He falls to the ground and picks himself up. You have a quick glance to check the drop zone, but he is gone.
aipd: You return to HQ and Major Kernel chews you out for letting Lestor get away again.
ai (2 votes): "Hektor is a fucking psycho! I'm putting out an APB and telling everyone to stay alert!" he yells.
aipd: You request authorization from Major Kernel to use the ultimate grenade launcher. Major says, "Authorized! Now get that fucker!" You head to the streets and looks for Lestor. You know exactly where he will be at this time of a night:
ai (1 votes): The midnight Mildew. You leap onto the roof of the bar and see him standing in front of it. You unleash your gun and fire.
aipd: Firing the ultimate rocker launcher at point blank rnage is not recommended, but you cannot risk letting Lestor out of your sight again! Your grenade hits Lestor right in the nose and explodes!!!
ai (2 votes): The explosion sends him flying into the wall. You then see his body explode into dust.You hear sirens in the distance. Everyone is on the case. The winning lottery number has been found.
aipd: You return to HQ and walk into Major Kernel's office. You toss a bag filled with Lestor's ashes onto the table and say, "I need a raise!"
ai (2 votes): He says, "What the hell are you talking about? I just gave you a promotion."You say, "I need a promotion to lieutenant."He asks, "What?"
aipd: They mayor enters and gives you a key to the city and also gives you your promotion to lieutenant! Your first order as lieutenant: you make Major Kernel clean the toilets with his tooth brush. You and the mayor have a hearty laugh and Major Kernels grumbles.
ai (2 votes): You and Mayor O'Malley share a drink on a warm summer night and you tell him that he should run for mayor.He says, "I don't think so."