aipd: You are Joe Mann you are a estranged Mann brother from the tf2 series you have visited a race and find out that all the horses have turned into Uma Musume Pretty Derby horses now you must use the red team to find out what happened and why every racehorse turned into a Uma Musume Pretty Derby horse
ai (2 votes): . You can use your alliance with Robyn if she is willing to help you or you can use it if you don't care.
aipd: You and Robyn start a horse girl race track and immediately ruin it with illicit gambling. Horse girl racing used to be a noble sport, but now it is filled with degenerate gamblers and mafia bosses.
ai (1 votes): Soon horse girl racing becomes more of a joke than a sport. If you really want to improve this game you will have to fix this problem.
aipd: You decide the first thing you must do is create a Federation to make horse gil racing more fair and less suspectible to mafia intervention. You put members of the Red Team in charge of the federation. You also update the fashion of how the horse girls dress to be classier.
ai (1 votes): Eventually, this causes a fashion revolution. The races become more interesting and more people join the races.
aipd: You have begun to fix the image of horse girl racing, however you have angered the head of the mafia: Don Atello.
ai (1 votes): He has vowed to take the power of horses from YOU!
aipd: You call out Don Atello live on national TV at the start of the next HGR (Horse Girl Racing) race. This infuriates Don Atello and he
ai (3 votes): calls for revenge. He orders his men to kill everyone in the arena and destroy the entire facility.
Meanwhile you continue your work with the new federation and Robyn.
aipd: You are shocked at th massacare but you are even more shocked when Don Atello offers you the job as the public facing owner of HGR.
ai (2 votes): "I'll make you a good offer." He says. "As soon as you get rid of Robyn, I'll make sure you get the power of a full blown corporation!"
aipd: You are tempted by the offer, but refuse. You feel good about your decision and ability to hold your integrity, but you learn that Robyn was made the same offer and she accepted. You ask Robyn, "Why?!"
ai (1 votes): "Because it's right," She replies. "I want to win! I want people to pay me money for my horse racing!"This is the same logic used by most horse racing owners.
aipd: You become homeless and watch as Robyn is corrupted by greed and power. You the only thing you can do now is to become a horse girl yourself and enter the next race. The surgery is exspensive, but the doctor agrees to do it pro bono because he is a fan. You enter the next race under your new horse girl racing name:
ai (2 votes): Ruby Sparkle and win. After winning the race, you realize that the fans are just happy that their favorite horse won. They don't care about the horse racing.
aipd: By sheer will of the HGR fans, you are voted to take control. Don Atello is arrested for gambling and Robyn
ai (1 votes): is forced to resign from her position as a trainer. The rest of the Red Team is also arrested for their involvement in illegal gambling and several other crimes.