aipd: Drastor gives you an impassioned speech about why he is doing this:
ai (2 votes): "I am trying to save the human race from extinction! And I am trying to save the world from the evil Empire! And I am doing it by destroying them both!"
aipd: You get into a length debate with Drastor about how illogical that is. It takes hours, but eventually you are able to convince him that this is not the way. You ask Drastor if he will participate in this exchange to preserve the peace.
ai (3 votes): Drastor says he will, but only after taking care of some other things first. He says he has been working with someone named Steve who has been creating demonic creatures.
aipd: You furrow your robot eye brows and point to the sign that says, "NO DEMONIC SUMMONING". You have Drastor take you to Steve the Demon Summoner.
ai (4 votes): He is also a demon, but he claims that his job is to create good demons and send them to hell. He claims to be selling demons on Ebay.
aipd: You take a look at Steve's Ebay profile and see that he has been selling possessed beanie babies at an alarming rate. You suspect that every home on earth might have a demon beanie baby!
ai (2 votes): Steve is an ethereal being who looks like a cross between a humanoid jellyfish and a floating eyeball. He talks in his ethereal voice. Interesting.
aipd: You ask Steve what his endgame is and Steve just shrugs and says, "
ai (2 votes): I'm here to create more demons."
You ask how many more demons you could create, Steve just smiles and says, "I don't know yet! It's not my specialty!"
aipd: You have an idea! You ask, "How about instead of creating hell demons, you create HELLpful demons instead?" Steve says, "Yeah I guess I could do that." And Steve begins to summon hordes of helpful demons.
ai (3 votes): You fire at him and when they are all destroyed, you are left with only one demon: A huge black blob with a massive head and tentacles. "What the fuck is that?!"
aipd: Steves says, "Oh that's my Mom."
ai (3 votes): You ask, "Mom?" "Yep. Mom is a motherfucker." You fire your lasers at Steve, but he is too fast for you.
aipd: Steve's Mom finally arrives on the station and yells at Steve, "Have you been using my Ebay account again!?" Steve sheepishly says, "Yes..." Steve's Mom prepares the ultimate punishment:
ai (2 votes): "The death of Steve's Dad! I'll make him suffer!" The two of you stare each other down as your battle begins. Eventually you are both completely destroyed.