aipd: You are Ernie McCoolz, the owner and head chef of Hyperdeath Grill. You wake up and hear the news that the world has run out of burgers!
ai (1 votes): "Well shit…" you say, as the first thing you do is look for any nearby burger joints.
aipd: Burger joint after burger joint tells you the same thing, "No burgers!" You cannot believe this is happening! You level up and gain the following hungry burger skills:
ai (2 votes): Burger Eating - You can eat a burger in one single bite, even if it's upside down, or if you're holding it in your hands.
aipd: You wake up from your reverie and realize the burger you though you were eating was acutally a
ai (2 votes): worm, which was just lying there in the middle of the floor. The only thing that saved it from being completely crushed was your foot!
aipd: You are shocked and immediately spit out the worm. But to your surprise, it actually tasted pretty good. You lean in for a kiss with the dirty worm.
ai (4 votes): Then you realize that you're naked and that you've been sleeping in your underwear. "Shit!" you exclaim, as you quickly hop out of bed.
aipd: Your hunger for a delcious hamburger is driving you insane. You hear from a former White Castle employee that there are some illegal hamburgers being sold. Without hesitation you agree to purchase some and for $100 you buy a 1lb bag of mystery meat. You ask the dealer, "But what is this really?" and the dealer tells you it's
ai (2 votes): beef, but not beef at all. It's actual human flesh! The whole package is worth $200!
aipd: You question the morality of it for a moment, and then immediately scarf down a burger made from the human meat. What have you done!? You reveal your troubled past to the meat delear.
ai (2 votes): He tells you he was once part of an elite unit of Uwais soldiers who were sent to kill mutants. They went through hell and died, so they were given a burial at sea.
aipd: You ask, "Where's the sea?" as you lick your lips. The dealer is offeneded that you would even think to eat his comrades and attacks!
ai (1 votes): He's like six feet tall, with fur and spikes on his body. His face is covered in blood and gore, and a long sword is stuck in his side! He's ruthless and relentless!
aipd: You don't stand a chance normally, but you just envision the dealer as a burger and you are able to use your burger skill to eat the mystery meat dealer in one bite!
ai (3 votes): The human flesh is delicious, but you now have a lot of questions.